bring me down.
[music and singing]
But I've been lifted up from the ground.
And just in case you ever wondered,
>> yeah, I tell the truth. Pull up the
tanks. Just me and the troops. This
ain't nothing new. T get smaller. We
down to a few. When you see a salut I've
been in the water with recruiters and
ears like real
heels closer to GOD
[screaming]
they see that you me [screaming]
Thought that you could keep me under,
but I've been lifted up from the ground.
[singing]
And just in case you've ever wondered
the way you're bringing me down,
thought that you could keep me up.
I' been lifted up from the ground
in
hard times.
If anything, I like God I trust. I came
back with a buck cuz when times got
tough, I got better. broken apart, so we
had to rebuild.
>> But I've been lifted up from the ground.
And just in case you've ever wondered,